what's up y'all got one of my what's one
of my favorite ones to ever do really
honestly in terms of ultimate legends
roster I'm bringing to you Alex English
old school in the 80s killing them
scoring machine a lot of people a lot of
people don't know about allocating so 80
to 83 season 28.4 points a game I mean
that's how I don't care if you plan in
the Pakistan League that's a lot of
points led the league in scoring there
was only time anyone want a scoring
title but 51% from the field he's a
hall-of-famer in case you did not know
and I we had to put him in there not the
didn't have really had the three-point
range but silky smooth release and jump
shot from me arrange had a decent post
game you know he was kind of thin Alex
English had to put him in and I had to
put him out I had to but that's not why
I mean what I'll do respect him he's not
the reason why this is one of my most
favorite episodes it starts right here
what grant hill I'm people don't realize
man especially if you saw him play late
in his career y'all don't realize how
good grant here really truly was was
worried not for the ankle injuries that
pretty much messed up his little
transition from the Pistons to the
Orlando Magic we would be talking about
grant hill in the same breath as kobe
lebron all of those guys we would be
saying oh yeah but God who were the who
remembers grant here was he I mean and
then the longevity that the fact that he
continued to play
as well as he did so late into his
career is just another example and some
people might say well yeah you know play
for money I don't know if you tuned in
people River has grand hills father play
for the Dallas Cowboys his mother I
believe was I don't know what his mother
was but they were well put it like this
they were they were not starving Grant
Hill was not playing for money you
understand me he wasn't he weren't
playing for money he was playing cuz he
loved the game he had to be cuz the
dough had to but I mean is married to
Tamia R&B singer she's beautiful come on
and he bawled out man but look at this
I'm not done look at that that's Tina
2002 oh 3 season 3 2.1 points for game
six and a half rebounds five and half
assists and he was just 23 now t-mac was
an amazing offensive player he was truly
was I don't go as gaga for t-mac though
as I do for grant here I just don't I
mean tmag never wanna play he never
played for Tina won a playoff series and
you know we'll use people I was a team
game that's true but when you the best
player on a team you're gonna get judged
somewhat value team success that's just
way basketball works and to never have
won a playoff series i've been a part of
a been a part of a team when he was in
his prime as what I'm saying you know we
talking about you know adidas Damian
Lillard 38 yo commercial t-mac you know
on a team late in his career that's been
there when talking about that I'm
talking about when team act was the dude
you know what I mean the early two
thousand other the mid 2000s when he was
one of the what three to four best
players in the NBA that's what I'm
talking about never won a playoff series
but he's still awesome and he still had
to be on this roster Fanta pea salad
take a look at the distance a little bit
a game pledged
Grady cans it from downtown
but Grady's got himself going in his
first points of the game of the people
on defense relate they set the pick
Jennings kicks to Hill and called hard
that time
a while since motor city has seen him
play off on the basketball court just
appears as though they've
the last few seasons with Detroit as you
said haven't made the playoffs since
2009 and Steve over the last few years
just stuck near the bottom and they've
been you know kind of treadmill team
good enough to not be dead last but not
bad enough to get a room
Hill against McCready he comes in from
the jumper apart we've seen delete
change
quite a bit this way yeah we should have
a meters been a bit of a windshield
wiper game I mean back and forth the
leaders I appreciate y'all watching
please subscribe leave me a like check
out the other ultimate legend rosters
videos they come in a comin they comin
peace
you